README.md, before:

# OpsManagerCli [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/compozed/ops_manager_cli.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/compozed/ops_manager_cli) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/compozed/ops_manager_cli.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/compozed/ops_manager_cli)


Command line tool to interact with Pivotal Operations Manager through its API, because GUIs are evil.

Questions? Pop in our [slack channel](https://cloudfoundry.slack.com/messages/ops_manager_cli/)!

*Please note that the APIs of Ops Manager is experimental at this point.  Changes to the APIs with new Ops Manager releases may break functionality.  The project also does not offer any support for the usage of this in any environments.*

## Features

### Core features

- Support for deploying on vSphere infrastructure only
- Deploy/Upgrade Ops Manager appliance
- Deploy/Upgrade product tiles
- Generate config settings templates for product tiles deployments

### Other features:

- Show installation settings
- Show installation logs
- Get UAA token
- Uploads stemcell to Ops Manager
- Delete unused products

### Limitations:

- No support for enabling and running errands (future work)

### Test with Ops Manager Version

- up to 1.7.11.0

## Dependencies

 - [ovftool](https://www.vmware.com/support/developer/ovf/) (version 4.1.0 or higher)
 - [spruce](https://github.com/geofffranks/spruce#installation) 

All dependencies must be installed and available in user PATH

## Installing

    gem install ops_manager_cli

## Usage

### List available commands

    ops_manager 

### Target 

    ops_manager target OPSMAN_URL


### Login 

    ops_manager login USERNAME PASSWORD


### Deploy/Upgrade Ops Manager appliance

**config example:** [ops_manager_deployment.yml](spec/dummy/ops_manager_deployment.yml)

    ops_manager deploy-appliance ops_manager_deployment.yml


### Deploy/Upgrade product tile

**Before running:** `target` and `login`. You can do this through through config file too.

**config example:** [product_deployment.yml](spec/dummy/product_deployment.yml)

    ./ops_manager deploy-product product_deployment.yml

## Using with Docker

The ops_manager_cli tool can be installed in a docker container typically in conjunction with [Concourse CI](http://concourse.ci/).  This allows users to build concourse pipelines to deploy and manage their Pivotal Cloud Foundry deployments.

### Building Docker image

    bundle exec rake build
    docker build -t compozed/ops_manager_cli # Optional: --build-arg DOWNLOAD_URL=http://your_blobstore.com/ovftool.bundle


### Provisioning docker image to private registry

    docker tag -f compozed/ops_manager_cli PRI_REGISTRY:PORT/compozed/ops_manager_cli
    docker push PRI_REGISTRY:PORT/compozed/ops_manager_cli


## Contributing

See our [CONTRUBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) section for more information.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Gets current ops manager version from diagnostic report instead of available_products
Signed-off-by: Lukasz Rabczak <lukasz.rabczak@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# OpsManagerCli [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/compozed/ops_manager_cli.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/compozed/ops_manager_cli) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/compozed/ops_manager_cli.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/compozed/ops_manager_cli)


Command line tool to interact with Pivotal Operations Manager through its API, because GUIs are evil.

Questions? Pop in our [slack channel](https://cloudfoundry.slack.com/messages/ops_manager_cli/)!

*Please note that the APIs of Ops Manager is experimental at this point.  Changes to the APIs with new Ops Manager releases may break functionality.  The project also does not offer any support for the usage of this in any environments.*

## Features

### Core features

- Support for deploying on vSphere infrastructure only
- Deploy/Upgrade Ops Manager appliance
- Deploy/Upgrade product tiles
- Generate config settings templates for product tiles deployments

### Other features:

- Show installation settings
- Show installation logs
- Get UAA token
- Uploads stemcell to Ops Manager
- Delete unused products

### Limitations:

- No support for enabling and running errands for ops_manager **< 1.7.x**


### Test with Ops Manager Version

- up to 1.8.2.0

## Upgrading OpsManager appliance from **1.7.x** to **1.8.x**

On ops_manager_cli **>=0.4.0** support for upgrading to **1.8.x** was removed.
Use ops_manager_cli **0.3.1** to upgrade from **1.7.x** -> **1.8.x**. 

## Dependencies

 - [ovftool](https://www.vmware.com/support/developer/ovf/) (version 4.1.0 or higher)
 - [spruce](https://github.com/geofffranks/spruce#installation) 

All dependencies must be installed and available in user PATH

## Installing

    gem install ops_manager_cli

## Usage

### List available commands

    ops_manager 

### Target 

    ops_manager target OPSMAN_URL


### Login 

    ops_manager login USERNAME PASSWORD


### Deploy/Upgrade Ops Manager appliance

**config example:** [ops_manager_deployment.yml](spec/dummy/ops_manager_deployment.yml)

    ops_manager deploy-appliance ops_manager_deployment.yml


### Deploy/Upgrade product tile

**Before running:** `target` and `login`. You can do this through through config file too.

**config example:** [product_deployment.yml](spec/dummy/product_deployment.yml)

    ./ops_manager deploy-product product_deployment.yml

## Using with Docker

The ops_manager_cli tool can be installed in a docker container typically in conjunction with [Concourse CI](http://concourse.ci/).  This allows users to build concourse pipelines to deploy and manage their Pivotal Cloud Foundry deployments.

### Building Docker image

    bundle exec rake build
    docker build -t compozed/ops_manager_cli # Optional: --build-arg DOWNLOAD_URL=http://your_blobstore.com/ovftool.bundle


### Provisioning docker image to private registry

    docker tag -f compozed/ops_manager_cli PRI_REGISTRY:PORT/compozed/ops_manager_cli
    docker push PRI_REGISTRY:PORT/compozed/ops_manager_cli


## Contributing

See our [CONTRUBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) section for more information.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
